From the creators of Tangled and Wreck-It Ralph,
Disney. A carrot-nosed, coal-eyed snowman shuffles
up to a purple flower peeping out of deep snow.
Hello. He takes a deep sniff.
His nose lands on a frozen pond.
A reindeer looks up and pants like a dog.
Seeing the reindeer slip on the ice,
the snowman smiles and moves toward him,
though actually he's running on the spot.
The reindeer falls on his chin.
The snowman uses his arm as a crutch.
The reindeer paddles his front legs head over heels.
The snowman crawls along the ice.
The reindeer does the breaststroke.
The snowman rolls his body, but flips onto his back.
The reindeer's tongue sticks to the ice.
The snowman, his head, twig arm,
and reindeer lips tug at the carrot.
The carrot flies off and lands in soft snow.
The reindeer goes after it with the snowman
and his body parts hanging on his tail.
The snowman puts himself back together again
and glumly contemplates his noseless state.
The reindeer jams the carrot back in place
and pants like a proud puppy.
The snowman pats him with a thin stick arm.
Then he goes to sneeze.
He grabs his nose with both hands.
His head shoots off.
Frozen. Coming this winter in 3D.